Hello, I want to show my two
most favorite dresses for the summer or party
either sundresses everyone can call them
differently we can say that it is 2
the arrows of my summer are not new
no news this will flow resources visible code
that's what I love them as much as
the first is bright and juicy green
the dress can be said that even in the sea
option i love him wearing this folding screen
just such an option for some
hiking in principle
it is only a daytime option
I like it very much bright but not
completely figure it will not cover and
feminine almost straight cut
a little bit underline italy very
short such
there is a train decoration on the shelves
everything stretches out from behind
there are pockets of natural fabric she
pleasant to the body does not clothe does not stick
a body breeze comes into her body
what I need for this lipstick
and now I'll show you a little closer
looks close
You can see how beautiful
here you are ugly to hang out all here
made to me like such a little thing
slight maybe no one on him
don't lie to me this very moment
like this so this is all very decorated
bright summery here is a shoe but with
so central and pancakes
this dress or another mine too
Masthev poured
also serves not the first year
I love these shoes such fast walkers
but very beautiful and beloved by me still
one of my favorite years is not vodice pay
sundress that's such a beautiful gray
colors what can you describe flying
tender and feminine and romantic here
so on here as you can see there is
ruffles a little apparatchik
walk too grandfather decorated with embroidery
and below, too, three rows only goes beautiful
what gray embroidery
Here is such a look sandy
throat flying pounding
it paid more so very evening
easy gentle and feminine like
our course same with and without
legs on heels I have
beautiful gray first sandals
which is fine raise with
bows
show them closer and looks like this but
and old
tattered sandals this dress
we are with such bows